Parking Information:Residential Parking: 66 USD a year effective July 1st of 2018UC Berkeley Parcking: 137 USD per semesterMonthly Cost: ~30Insurance Information: #If I get insurance based on my age and driving experienceBasic Coverage: 180 per monthGreater Coverage: 220 per monthMonthly Cost: ~200Gasoline Cost:Cost is similar to in Beijing. In Beijing, a 500 km week represents nearly a full tank. A week in the States would approximate to around 1/3 of driving in distance made in Beijing. Which would approximately be 20 USD. Thus over a month, probably around 80 USD. But this cost is generally for sure going to be split among others, so will be realistically much lower than 80.Monthly Cost: ~40?Leasing Information:Based off of a BMW 330i 2018:Lease per month: 199 per monthDown payment: 4265 USD ~ 118 per monthPurchase Cost at the end: From and example (end/origin) = (26562/43545) = 60.9%Monthly Cost: ~ 200 + 118 downSum Total w/o Split Costs: ~ 430 + 118 = 548 USD (not including gasoline, which approximately should lie around 40 USD a month)Benefits of Leasing a Car Now:Direct Benefits:
	1. Easier for transportation during the 3 month rain season.
	2. Easier for transportation to classes in far places.
	3. Easier for transportation during weekly club events, suits and ties don't want to bike or walk for 20 mins.
	4. Easier for transportation for general shopping and needs, this includes eating, grocery shopping, gym, entertainment.

Implicit Benefits:
	1. A three year lease will cover the last two years of college and one more year of professional development in silicon valley. Since location of the fourth year (graduate school) will be unclear. Thus a three year lease allows that at the end of the three years, if I am staying, the car can be purchased at a discounted price (~ 60% of original price), or if I am leaving, the car can be returned.
	2. This car will prove to be very useful during the summer of Junior year (not 100%), but certainly the summer of Senior year where working in the silicon valley will be extremely likely. Thus, if a car is then decided to be leased, it would have to be a 2-year lease, which is less cost efficient, or a three year lease, which will have one year that could potentially be unused.

Disadvantages of Leasing a Car Now:Direct Disadvantages:
	1. Friends can pressure you to help drive them to other places, which poses as a potential waste of time.
	2. Potential for an accident and increased insurance costs for the future.
	3. Unforeseeable maintenance costs.
	4. Mom thinks this will affect academics in a negative way, however, this point is not agreed upon. (Since I think it helps stress relieve and is generally a much faster way of transportation from one location to another which saves time, compared to walking.)

Implicit Disadvantages:
	1. If we ended up staying in silicon valley and also still require the use of a car, we could decide to buy the car at a discounted price. However, the sum would be greater than if we just directly purchased it in the first place.

Current Plan:In the case of a three year leasing option, Jack pays the entire down payment and monthly cost will be split among the two of us for the first two years. The last year, the monthly costs will be continued by just me. In case of an accident by Jack, he will negotiate a solution with the opposing car to solve the scenario privately, hidden from the insurance companies. Gas and maintenance costs will be split among the two of us accordingly, and logically.The Uber Plan:

This provides an analysis for the current most viable plan: Using Uber and Renting when Required

Average Monthly Costs:

Starting with Solo Costs:
This can vary based on what month it is. So it will be approximated.
Given that there are 5 days a week where I need to go to school. Everyday, depending on the schedule, I need to make a trip an average of 4 times. By car, each trip costs on average around 8.5 dollars depending on the location. Lets say out of the 4 trips I make, I decide to go cost free on three of them. Generally it would be lower than three because of club events and rainy days and etc. This means that on average, I would be taking one solo Uber trip a day on week days. There are approximately 22 week days every month, so that will accumulate to a solo cost of 8.5 x 22 = 187 USD.

Larger Solo Costs:
Once or twice a month, I head down to SF to see certain clients regarding their consulting projects. More frequently during the ends of the semester and less so in the middle. I am going to round to 1 trip a month, this would normally cost around 60 USD to and back. Rarely I get a hair cut but these are less significant and I will round to an even 60 USD a month.

Non Solo Costs:
Grocery shopping and stress relief trips mainly:
Grocery shopping normally costs around 20 there and 20 back if we just go grocery shopping and making an even 40 USD, divide among the four people, it would be 10 dollars each trip, normally four of these trips per month, 40 USD a month.
Around once a month, Jack and I will do a stress relief trip where we rent a car for a day and drive out of Berkeley to somewhere else. This normally would cost on average 60 a person.
There are also other costs sometimes such as going some where to watch a movie together etc etc. But once again we will neglect the smaller trips, and cap non solo costs at around 100 per month.

Total Monthly Costs: 
187 + 60 + 100 = 347 USD

This doesn't include some trips we make over holidays such as Thanksgiving or Spring Break.